java/lang/instrument/PremainClass/InheritAgent0100.java 8316451 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/PremainClass/InheritAgent1000.java 8316451 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/PremainClass/InheritAgent1100.java 8316451 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/PremainClass/NoPremainAgent.java 8316451 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/PremainClass/NonPublicPremainAgent.java 8316451 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/PremainClass/ZeroArgPremainAgent.java 8316451 generic-all

java/lang/instrument/modules/AppendToClassPathModuleTest.java 8316452 generic-all

javax/management/ImplementationVersion/ImplVersionTest.java 8316460 generic-all
javax/management/remote/mandatory/connection/DefaultAgentFilterTest.java 8316460 generic-all
javax/management/remote/mandatory/version/ImplVersionTest.java 8316460 generic-all
javax/management/security/HashedPasswordFileTest.java 8316460 generic-all

com/sun/management/HotSpotDiagnosticMXBean/CheckOrigin.java 8316445 generic-all

sun/management/jdp/JdpDefaultsTest.java 8316446 generic-all
sun/management/jdp/JdpJmxRemoteDynamicPortTest.java 8316446 generic-all
sun/management/jdp/JdpOffTest.java 8316446 generic-all
sun/management/jdp/JdpSpecificAddressTest.java 8316446 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/bootstrap/CustomLauncherTest.java 8316447 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/bootstrap/JMXInterfaceBindingTest.java 8316447 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/bootstrap/LocalManagementTest.java 8316447 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/bootstrap/ReadWriteForbidsCreateTest.java 8316447 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/startstop/JMXStartStopTest.java 8316447 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/startstop/JMXStatusPerfCountersTest.java 8316447 generic-all
sun/management/jmxremote/startstop/JMXStatusTest.java 8316447 generic-all

sun/jvmstat/monitor/MonitoredVm/MonitorVmStartTerminate.java 8316462 generic-all

sun/tools/jcmd/TestProcessHelper.java 8316464 generic-all
sun/tools/jinfo/JInfoTest.java 8316464 generic-all
sun/tools/jstat/JStatInterval.java  8316464 generic-all


com/sun/jdi/connect/spi/DebugUsingCustomConnector.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/cds/CDSFieldWatchpoints.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/cds/CDSDeleteAllBkptsTest.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/cds/CDSBreakpointTest.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/SunBootClassPathEmptyTest.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/JdbOptions.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/JITDebug.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/OomDebugTest.java 8316466 generic-all
com/sun/jdi/ClassUnloadEventTest.java 8316466 generic-all


# JFR tests ignoring flags, no bug yet
jdk/jfr/jvm/TestEventWriterLog.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/jfr/jvm/TestModularImage.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/jfr/startupargs/TestBadOptionValues.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/jfr/startupargs/TestJFCWarnings.java 0000000 generic-all

jni/nullCaller/NullCallerTest.java 8319571 generic-all

java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyNestedResolutionTest.java 8319567 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/findSpecial/FindSpecialTest.java 8319567 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LambdaAccessControlDoPrivilegedTest.java 8319567 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LambdaAsm.java 8319567 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LogGeneratedClassesTest.java 8319567 generic-all

java/lang/reflect/exeCallerAccessTest/CallerAccessTest.java 8319568 generic-all

java/util/Calendar/SupplementalJapaneseEraTestRun.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/Currency/PropertiesTest.sh 8319569 generic-all
java/util/Locale/LocaleProvidersRun.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/ResourceBundle/Control/MissingResourceCauseTestRun.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/ResourceBundle/modules/basic/BasicTest.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/ResourceBundle/modules/layer/LayerTest.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/ResourceBundle/modules/unnamed/UnNamedTest.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/ResourceBundle/modules/visibility/VisibilityTest.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/TimeZone/CustomTzIDCheckDST.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/TimeZone/TimeZoneDatePermissionCheckRun.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/logging/LoggingDeadlock2.java 8319569 generic-all
java/util/zip/EntryCount64k.java 8319569 generic-all

jdk/incubator/vector/LoadJsvmlTest.java 8319572 generic-all


java/lang/instrument/RedefineSubclassWithTwoInterfaces.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/RedefineMethodWithAnnotations.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/RedefineMethodInBacktrace.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/RedefineMethodDelInvoke.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/RedefineClassWithNativeMethod.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/ManifestTest.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/BootClassPath/BootClassPathTest.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/appendToClassLoaderSearch/CircularityErrorTest.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/appendToClassLoaderSearch/ClassUnloadTest.sh 8319578 generic-all
java/lang/instrument/appendToClassLoaderSearch/run_tests.sh 8319578 generic-all


java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/UnnamedLoggerForJDKTest.java 8319647 generic-all
java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/UnnamedLoggerForImageTest.java 8319647 generic-all
java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/NamedLoggerForJDKTest.java 8319647 generic-all
java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/NamedLoggerForImageTest.java 8319647 generic-all
java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/LoggerInImageTest.java 8319647 generic-all
java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/JDKLoggerForJDKTest.java 8319647 generic-all
java/lang/System/LoggerFinder/modules/JDKLoggerForImageTest.java 8319647 generic-all

java/lang/System/SecurityManagerWarnings.java 8319566 generic-all
java/lang/SecurityManager/modules/CustomSecurityManagerTest.java 8319566 generic-all

java/lang/RuntimeTests/exec/SetCwd.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/RuntimeTests/exec/ExitValue.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/RuntimeTests/exec/ExecWithLotsOfArgs.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/RuntimeTests/exec/Duped.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/RuntimeTests/exec/ArgWithSpaceAndFinalBackslash.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/RuntimeTests/RuntimeExitLogTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessHandle/TreeTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessHandle/OnExitTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/SkipTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/RedirectAttack.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/ReaderWriterTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/ProcessStartLoggingTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/JspawnhelperProtocol.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/InheritIOTest.java 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/Basic.java#id1 8319574 generic-all
java/lang/ProcessBuilder/Basic.java#id0 8319574 generic-all

java/lang/ClassLoader/loadLibraryUnload/LoadLibraryUnloadTest.java 8319672 generic-all
java/lang/ClassLoader/getResource/GetResource.java 8319672 generic-all
java/lang/ClassLoader/GetSystemPackage.java 8319672 generic-all
java/lang/ClassLoader/Assert.java 8319672 generic-all
jdk/internal/loader/URLClassPath/LargeClasspathWithPkgPrefix.java 8319672 generic-all

java/io/Console/CharsetTest.java 8319652 generic-all
java/io/Console/RestoreEchoTest.java 8319652 generic-all
java/io/File/DeleteOnExitNPE.java 8319652 generic-all
java/io/Serializable/class/NonSerializableTest.java 8319652 generic-all

java/nio/channels/AsynchronousFileChannel/Lock.java 8319652 generic-all
java/nio/channels/FileChannel/Lock.java 8319652 generic-all
java/nio/channels/Selector/LotsOfUpdatesTest.java 8319652 generic-all
java/nio/channels/spi/SelectorProvider/inheritedChannel/InheritedChannelTest.java 8319652 generic-all
jdk/nio/zipfs/LargeEntriesTest.java 8319652 generic-all

java/security/Security/ClassLoaderDeadlock/ClassLoaderDeadlock.sh 8339892 generic-all
java/security/Security/ClassLoaderDeadlock/Deadlock.sh 8339892 generic-all
java/security/cert/CertificateFactory/slowstream.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/krb5/runNameEquals.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/pkcs11/Provider/MultipleLogins.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/provider/PolicyFile/getinstance/getinstance.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSocketImpl/NotifyHandshakeTest.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/util/Pem/encoding.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/validator/certreplace.sh 8339892 generic-all
sun/security/validator/samedn.sh 8339892 generic-all

java/security/Security/ConfigFileTest.java 8319673 generic-all
java/security/SignedJar/SignedJarWithCustomClassLoader.java 8319673 generic-all
#java/security/cert/CertificateFactory/slowstream.sh 0000000 generic-all

com/sun/crypto/provider/KeyProtector/IterationCount.java 8319673 generic-all

sun/security/tools/jarsigner/compatibility/SignTwice.java 8319673 generic-all
sun/security/krb5/auto/ModuleName.java 8319673 generic-all
sun/security/provider/KeyStore/DKSTest.java 8319673 generic-all

sun/security/ssl/SSLEngineImpl/SSLEngineKeyLimit.java 8339891 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSessionImpl/MultiNSTClient.java 8339891 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSessionImpl/MultiNSTNoSessionCreation.java 8339891 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSessionImpl/MultiNSTParallel.java 8339891 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSessionImpl/MultiNSTSequence.java 8339891 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSessionImpl/ResumptionUpdateBoundValues.java 8339891 generic-all
sun/security/ssl/SSLSocketImpl/SSLSocketKeyLimit.java 8339891 generic-all

java/net/InetAddress/ptr/Lookup.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/ServerSocket/AcceptCauseFileDescriptorLeak.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/ServerSocket/AcceptInheritHandle.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/URLClassLoader/getresourceasstream/TestDriver.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/URLClassLoader/sealing/CheckSealedTest.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/URLConnection/6212146/TestDriver.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/URLConnection/ContentHandlers/ContentHandlersTest.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/httpclient/security/Driver.java 8319651 generic-all
java/net/spi/URLStreamHandlerProvider/Basic.java 8319651 generic-all

javax/net/ssl/DTLS/DTLSWontNegotiateV10.java 8319651 generic-all
javax/net/ssl/ciphersuites/TLSWontNegotiateDisabledCipherAlgos.java#Client 8319651 generic-all
javax/net/ssl/ciphersuites/TLSWontNegotiateDisabledCipherAlgos.java#Server 8319651 generic-all


sun/net/www/protocol/jar/GetContentTypeTest.java 8319651 generic-all
sun/net/www/protocol/jar/jarbug/TestDriver.java 8319651 generic-all
sun/net/www/protocol/jrt/OtherResourcesTest.java 8319651 generic-all


jdk/modules/incubator/DefaultImage.java 8319676 generic-all
jdk/modules/incubator/ImageModules.java 8319676 generic-all

## Other

java/rmi/reliability/benchmark/bench/rmi/Main.java 8319678 generic-all
java/time/nontestng/java/time/chrono/HijrahConfigTest.java 8319678 generic-all
javax/naming/spi/providers/InitialContextTest.java 8319678 generic-all
sun/misc/EscapePath.java 8319678 generic-all
java/lang/annotation/LoaderLeakTest.java 8319678 generic-all
java/lang/Thread/UncaughtExceptionsTest.java 8319678 generic-all

jdk/internal/misc/VM/RuntimeArguments.java 8319677 generic-all

javax/script/ProviderTest.sh 8339890 generic-all

### not a vm flags
sun/security/pkcs11/Cipher/PBECipher.java

## tier4, not analyzed yet

com/sun/nio/sctp/SctpChannel/CloseDescriptors.java
com/sun/nio/sctp/SctpMultiChannel/Branch.java
java/awt/FontClass/CreateFont/DeleteFont.sh
java/awt/FontClass/CreateFont/fileaccess/FontFile.java
java/awt/GraphicsEnvironment/TestDetectHeadless/TestDetectHeadless.sh
java/awt/Toolkit/AutoShutdown/EventQueuePush/EventQueuePushAutoshutdown.sh
java/awt/Toolkit/Headless/WrappedToolkitTest/WrappedToolkitTest.sh
java/awt/font/FontPathEnvTest/FontPathEnvTest.java
java/awt/font/GlyphVector/LayoutCompatTest.java
java/awt/font/JNICheck/JNICheck.sh
java/awt/print/PrinterJob/ExceptionTest.java
java/awt/print/PrinterJob/ImagePrinting/NullClipARGB.java
java/awt/print/PrinterJob/PrtException.java
javax/imageio/metadata/IIOMetadataFormat/runMetadataFormatTest.sh
javax/imageio/metadata/IIOMetadataFormat/runMetadataFormatThreadTest.sh
javax/imageio/plugins/external_plugin_tests/TestClassPathPlugin.sh
javax/imageio/spi/AppletContextTest/BadPluginConfigurationTest.sh
javax/imageio/stream/DeleteOnExitTest.sh
javax/imageio/stream/StreamCloserLeak/run_test.sh
javax/print/CheckDupFlavor.java
javax/print/PrintSE/PrintSE.sh
javax/print/PrintServiceLookup/CountPrintServices.java
javax/print/attribute/AttributeTest.java
javax/print/attribute/GetCopiesSupported.java
javax/print/attribute/SidesPageRangesTest.java
javax/print/attribute/SupportedPrintableAreas.java
javax/swing/text/html/CSS/bug8234913.java


### core-tools
tools/jar/multiRelease/RuntimeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/DefaultProviderTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/JLink100Modules.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/JLink2Test.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/JLinkDedupTestBatchSizeOne.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/JLinkNegativeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/JLinkPluginsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/JLinkTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/NativeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/basic/AllModulePath.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/basic/BasicTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/bindservices/BindServices.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/multireleasejar/JLinkMultiReleaseJarTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/AddOptionsPluginTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/CDSPluginTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/IncludeLocalesPluginTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/SaveJlinkArgfilesPluginTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/StripNativeDebugSymbolsPlugin/StripNativeDebugSymbolsPluginTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/SystemModuleDescriptors/CompiledVersionTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/SystemModuleDescriptors/UserModuleTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/VendorInfoPluginsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/AppAboutUrlTest.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/AppCategoryTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/LicenseTypeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/LinuxBundleNameTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/LinuxWeirdOutputDirTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/MaintainerTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/PackageDepsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/ReleaseTest.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/ShortcutHintTest.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/jdk/jpackage/tests/UsrTreeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/AddLShortcutTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/AddLauncherTest.java#id1 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/AppContentTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/AppLauncherEnvTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/ArgumentsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/EmptyFolderPackageTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/EmptyFolderTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/InstallDirTest.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/LicenseTest.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/MultiLauncherTwoPhaseTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/PerUserCfgTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/RuntimeImageSymbolicLinksTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/RuntimeImageTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/SimplePackageTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/AppVersionTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/BasicTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/CookedRuntimeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/DotInNameTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/JLinkOptionsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/JavaOptionsEqualsTest.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/JavaOptionsEqualsTest.java#id1 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/JavaOptionsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/MainClassTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/ModulePathTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/ModulePathTest2.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/ModulePathTest3.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/MultipleJarAppTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/NoMPathRuntimeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/share/jdk/jpackage/tests/VendorTest.java#id1 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/8261785/Test8261785.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/ArgFileSyntax.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/ArgsEnvVar.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/ArgsFileTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/Arrrghs.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/BigJar.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/ClassPathWildCard.sh 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/ExecutionEnvironment.java#id0 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/FXLauncherTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/HelpFlagsTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/Jexec.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/JliLaunchTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/MainClassAttributeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/MainClassCantBeLoadedTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/MiscTests.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/MultipleJRE.sh 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/MultipleJRERemoved.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/Settings.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/SourceMode.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/Test7029048.java#id0
tools/launcher/TestMainWithoutEnclosing.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/TestXcheckJNIWarnings.java#jdwp-agent
tools/launcher/TestXcheckJNIWarnings.java#noagent
tools/launcher/TooSmallStackSize.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/ToolsOpts.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/UnicodeTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/UnresolvedExceptions.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/VersionCheck.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/modules/classpath/JavaClassPathTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/modules/patch/systemmodules/PatchSystemModules.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jlink/plugins/SystemModuleDescriptors/ModuleMainClassTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/jpackage/linux/ServiceAndDesktopTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/InstanceMainTest.java 8319575 generic-all
tools/launcher/LauncherExceptionTest.java 8319575 generic-all
